Hey, guys, welcome to this course.
Together, we're going to master in-depth concepts and deep learning and apply our knowledge to solve
real world problems.
Using the Python programming language and Google's TensorFlow to what you'll learn in this course will
not only lay a solid foundation in your deep learning career, but also permit you to be a world class
professional.
If you've gotten to this point, it means you're interested in my sense of learning and using your skills
to solve practical problems.
You may already have some knowledge on machine learning and deep learning.
You may be coming in contact with deep learning for the very first time.
It doesn't matter from which.
And you come from, because at the end of this course you shall be an expert with much hands on experience.
You shall build several projects in domains like computer vision, speech processing and natural language
processing, using knowledge gained from this course, if you will, into movies that follow following
your career.
This causes does it for you, and we are super excited to help you achieve your goals.
This course offered to you by neural learn or AI and just like every other cast by Nail and I will lay
much emphasis on feedback, your views and questions and the forum will help us better this course.
Feel free to access as many questions as possible on the forum.
We do our very best to reply in the shortest possible time.
Let's get started.